hi there I'm getting word that my name
is Jimmy Kimmel and I'm the host of what
they say is some kind of a talk show so
that's exciting thanks for joining me
today is actually I have no idea what
day today is
Guillermo what day is today oh I don't
know I'm very drunk Jimmy okay well at
least you have an excuse hey Tony Grammy
and Emmy Award winner Andre DeShields
what day is today
[Music]
oh no it's Thursday which is good it
means The Cosby Show was on tonight
right I don't know I don't even know
what decade it is county officials here
in Los Angeles just released guidelines
for reopening our schools and there are
a lot of them they're gonna have
students walk single file in the
hallways there will be strict seating on
buses a staggered recreation time in the
school yard basically it sounds like a
prison where you learn geometry
classrooms will be limited to 16 seats
spaced six feet apart and there are also
new rules for bullies at school from now
on all wet willies must be dry Daryl's I
don't know I was talking to my wife our
plan is to just pull the kids out of
school altogether and hope they become
reality TV stars a lot of people are
wondering which of the many changes
we've made to our lives during this
pandemic are gonna carry over when
things go back to normal like like well
the Hometown Buffet still exists well
children sit on Santa's lap at Christmas
will we Bob for apples at Halloween I've
been thinking about all the things that
might have to go I have to say one thing
I hope the virus does kill is the penny
that's right the penny that little 1
cent coin that rattles around at the
bottom of the cup holder of your Nissan
Sentra if we're given up shaking hands
and high-fives the penny has to go cash
is like poison now handing someone a $20
bill is almost the same as licking them
on the face but at least a $20 bill is
worth $20 a penny buys you nothing
it's a hundredths of a dollar and they
cost more to make than they're even
worth the cost of minting a penny is 1.7
cents
basically our government is
manufacturing shiny little pieces of
garbage at a loss and by the way while
we're at it the nickel can go to so I'm
calling on the government to to give us
a brighter future if there's something
to look forward to kill the penny kill
the penny nix the nickel and put the
dime on notice while you're at it two
dimes up meanwhile this is what our
penny colored president is up to while
racial injustice is tearing this country
apart he is going to war with Twitter
earlier this week Twitter
labeled one of trumps many lies as
potentially misleading and linked it to
news articles showing that it was
misleading he keeps claiming that
vote-by-mail even though he himself does
it will result in some kind of avalanche
of anti-trump voter fraud it's part of
his multi-pronged looks like I'm gonna
lose so I'll make every case I can to
say I was cheated campaign so today he
picked up his presidential Sharpie and
signed an executive order that would
limit legal protection for social media
companies today I'm signing an executive
order to protect and uphold the free
speech rights of the American people
currently social media giants like
Twitter receive an unprecedented
liability shield based on the theory
that they're a neutral platform which
they're not not an editor with a
viewpoint my executive order calls for
new regulations under Section 230 of the
Communications Decency Act to make it
that social media companies that engage
in censoring or any political conduct
will not be able to keep their liability
shield that's a big deal this is crazy
this would be like if he declared war on
Arby's because they said there were 550
calories and his curly fries in a
nutshell the president is mad at an app
on his phone and is using the power of
his office to retaliate this is what's
on his mind as the death toll from a
virus is over a hundred thousand now and
people are rioting in the streets he
told the reporters today he would shut
down Twitter if his attorneys could find
a way because they're limiting his
freedom of speech which is obviously
insane he is mr. Twitter and by the way
if he's so mad at Twitter why doesn't he
stop using it he can't because he loves
it he loves mashing those angry little
thumbs this is funny yesterday Trump
retweeted a video from his pet frog Lou
Dobbs who hilariously declared Trump to
be arguably the greatest president in
our history this video was posted
mockingly by a user named Andrew
Lawrence who after Trump retweeted it
Andrew Lawrence changed his screen name
to Trump is dumb sloppy and moist and so
that was on the president
timeline that's unarguably the greatest
president in history's timeline now I
don't know about moist but I have
noticed something odd about Donald Trump
honor than usual even and when I see him
on TV know I have a hard time thinking
about anything else our president is
lopsided when he stands up straight
it isn't straight he's kind of
off-kilter like look at that he's he's
bent here he is in a room here he has
had a rally with the gangsta lean going
there on the lawn and he has the nerve
to call Hillary crooked he looks like an
upside down bowling pin teetering on the
edge of the gutter I mean look at this
man it would seem the bone spurs have
finally spread throughout his whole body
you know this has been a another
terrible week and our government is
terrible in the world is terrible and
everything is terrible I think we all
need a boost so against the advice of
doctors against the advice of the CDC I
invited a friend to come to my house
this is someone who I think can cheer
anyone up and I want to introduce you to
him now here he is ladies gentlemen say
hello to upbeat Bobby Bobby
hey everybody upbeat Bobby here heard
you feeling a little bit down
maybe he got her eyes to see a magic
trick I said maybe you'd like to see a
magic trick
yes do a trick all right okay so I have
here a penny this is one of the ones
Jimmy wants to go watch very closely
let's make it go a penny is gone
Oh teach small to see all right I happen
to have a Clementine in my butt hmm oh
look at this what did I find in your ear
thanks everybody hey I'm headed upstairs
to go jump on the bed see I told he was
great I feel better already
[Music]